capital = 1662
primary_culture = japanese
religion = shinto
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_tradition
literacy = 0.40


set_country_flag = fudai_daimyo
set_country_flag = desecularized


army_schools = yes_army_schools  
taxation_reform = tax_farmers
land_reform = no_land_reform

  
# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
gov_religion = secularism 
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = good_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools
child_labor = child_labor_restricted

ruling_party = NIP_reactionary
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 17
	conservative = 48
	reactionary = 35
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

set_country_flag = existing_country
set_country_flag = tozama_daimyo

# Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "SAT_oob.txt"
1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/SAT_oob.txt"
	set_country_flag = angered_by_bakufu
}
